Add ConcordiumHdWallet (#83)
Concordium/concordium-node-sdk-js: packages/common/CHANGELOG.md

- `createCredentialV1`, to create credentials using a seedPhrase.
- Added `sendCredentialDeployment` to send credentials created from `createCredentialV1` to the chain.
- `getSignedCredentialDeploymentTransactionHash` to get the transaction hash of credentials created from `createCredentialV1`.
- Added `ConfigureBaker` to `AccountTransactionType` enum.

> - Added `ConcordiumHdWallet` with functions to get keys and randomness from a seedPhrase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `ConcordiumHdWallet` with functions to get keys and randomness from a seed phrase.
```
